Clarify load testing of Workers (#11441)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/limits.md

{{</table-wrap>}}

{{<Aside type="note" header="Trying to run a load test? Read this.">}}
Running simulated single client load tests with tools like [`k6`](https://k6.io/) is not an accurate way to understand how many requests per second Cloudflare Workers is capable of serving.

> When you run a load test like this, the thousands of requests you generate per second all come from a single client IP address. Incoming requests to Cloudflare pass through [DDOS protection](/ddos-protection/) — mitigating DDOS attacks on your behalf. Your load test, with thousands of requests per second coming from a single client, all with the same characteristics, landing on the same server in the same location, doesn't represent what real-world traffic looks like — it represents a mini DDOS attack.

Author: ```suggestion
When you run a load test like this, the thousands of requests you generate per second all come from a single client IP address. Incoming requests to Cloudflare pass through [DDOS protection](/ddos-protection/) — mitigating DDOS attacks on your behalf. Your load test, with thousands of requests per second coming from a single client, all with the same characteristics, landing on the same server in the same location, doesn't represent what real-world traffic looks like.
```

Routes in fail closed mode will display a Cloudflare `1027` error page to visitors, signifying the Worker has been temporarily disabled. Cloudflare recommends this option if your Worker is performing security related tasks.

> {{<Aside type="note" header="Trying to run a load test? Read this.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="warning" header="Trying to run a load test? Read this.">}}
```

Running simulated single client load tests with tools like [`k6`](https://k6.io/) is not an accurate way to understand how many requests per second Cloudflare Workers is capable of serving.

> When you run a load test like this, the thousands of requests you generate per second all come from a single client IP address. Incoming requests to Cloudflare pass through [DDOS protection](/ddos-protection/) — mitigating DDOS attacks on your behalf. Your load test, with thousands of requests per second coming from a single client, all with the same characteristics, landing on the same server in the same location, doesn't represent what real-world traffic looks like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run a load test like this, the thousands of requests you generate per second all come from a single client IP address. Incoming requests to Cloudflare pass through [DDOS protection](/ddos-protection/) — mitigating DDOS attacks on your behalf. Your load test, with thousands of requests per second coming from a single client, all with the same characteristics, landing on the same server in the same location, does not represent what real-world traffic looks like.
```

Reviewer: Does "this" mean specifically using k6 or using a third-party load testing tool? By reading this, I am not sure exactly what I am being told to be cautious of using. It would be good to define "this" specifically in this case.

> When you run a load test like this, the thousands of requests you generate per second all come from a single client IP address. Incoming requests to Cloudflare pass through [DDOS protection](/ddos-protection/) — mitigating DDOS attacks on your behalf. Your load test, with thousands of requests per second coming from a single client, all with the same characteristics, landing on the same server in the same location, does not represent what real-world traffic looks like.

Author: ```suggestion
When you run a load test from a single machine, the thousands of requests you generate per second typically all come from a single client IP address. Incoming requests to Cloudflare pass through [DDOS protection](/ddos-protection/) — mitigating DDOS attacks on your behalf. Your load test, with thousands of requests per second coming from a single client, all with the same characteristics, landing on the same server in the same location, does not represent what real-world traffic looks like.
```
